# AWSS
AWSS (AUTOMATED WEB SOFTWARE SECURITY) | A NOVEL WEB SECURITY TEACHING TOOLKIT

We are in 2020 and Web development is one of the most famous Programming Mechanisms and Concepts in the Software World, it proved its need in all work domains of life, because of the ability to work in cross-platforms.
As web usage increases and becomes part of our day to day life, compromising these systems become increasingly rewarding. Attackers no longer need physical access to the victims, they can attack more than one at the same time and the possibility of being caught and brought to justice is minimal.
Web applications have become an integral part of everyday life, but many of these applications are deployed with critical vulnerabilities that can be fatally exploited. As the technology used to develop these applications become sophisticated, so do the attackers’ techniques. 
Automated web vulnerability scanners have been heavily used to assess the security of web applications. They can improve the efficiency of vulnerability scanning compared to traditional manual vulnerability detection that are time-consuming, labor-intensive, and inefficient, however there are a lot of web vulnerability scanners on the internet, but they miss important factor which is teaching developers what’s going on in detail, and explaining each possible attack and how to have counter measurements against it. 
Based on the above problems, This paper contributes to explain a new automated web vulnerability scanner we created, called AWSS (Automated Web Software Security) Toolkit, it scans a web project’s source code and generates a report of the results of the scan with detailed explanation about each file, line by line with each possible vulnerability and how to secure against it. 
